Fix outdated value types in environment-concepts (#560)
stellar/soroban-docs: docs/fundamentals-and-concepts/environment-concepts.mdx

Shared, standard functionality available to all contract guest code is provided through the environment interface in terms of host objects and host functions.

> The environment supports a small number of types of host objects covering data structures like vectors, maps, binary blobs, and big integers. Host objects are all immutable, are allocated and reside within the host environment, and are only available in the guest environment by reference. Guest code refers to host objects by integer-valued handles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The environment supports a small number of types of host objects covering data structures like vectors, maps, binary blobs, addresses, strings. Host objects are all immutable, are allocated and reside within the host environment, and are only available in the guest environment by reference. Guest code refers to host objects by integer-valued handles.
```

All host functions can accept as arguments and return values from, at most, the limited Wasm VM repertoire of machine-level types. To simplify matters, Soroban further limits all host functions to passing and returning values from within a single specialized form of 64-bit integers called "value" or "the value type". Through careful bit-packing, the value type can encode any of several separate types more meaningful to users than just "integers".

> Specifically, the value type can directly encode small integers (up to 56 bits), but also boolean true and false, signed or unsigned 32-bit integers, typed host object handles, typed error codes, small symbols (up to 9 latin-alphanumeric characters), or a unique void value. Individual bits in a value are allocated to tagging and switching between these cases dynamically, and host functions or objects that require specific cases may reject values of other cases.

Reviewer: cc @graydon to check, I lost track of how the small encodings actually work now.

Reviewer 2: yeah this is all fine
